Eat lots of vegetables and fruits!
Exercise regularly!
Always get enough sleep!
Drink lots of water!
Avoid eating processed junk food!
Make sure to eat enough protein!
Don't smoke, don't do drugs, and drink in moderation!
Minimize intake of added sugar!
Always be open to adjustments!
"Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy wealthy and wise"  ~Benjamin Franklin
"Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity."  ~John F. Kennedy
"The greatest wealth is Health."  ~Unknown
"Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food"  ~Hippocrates
"Just because you're not sick doesn't mean you're healthy"  ~Author Unknown
"Those who think they have no time for exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness."  ~Edward Stanley
"If you don't take care of your body, where are you going to live?"  ~Unknown
Healthy is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.  ~Unknown
"Garbage in garbage out"  ~George Fuechsel
"Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon."  ~Doug Larson
"Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit. When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open."  ~B.K.S. Iyengar
"If you can't pronounce it, don't eat it"  ~Common sense
"In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired."  ~Author Unknown
"Health is like money, we never have a true idea of its value until we lose it."  ~Josh Billings
"Time And health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted."  ~Denis Waitley
"From the bitterness of disease man learns the sweetness of health."  ~Catalan Proverb
"Health and cheerfulness naturally beget each other."  ~Joseph Addison
"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live."  ~Jim Rohn
"Your body is a temple, but only if you treat it as one."  ~Astrid Alauda
"Mainstream medicine would be way different if they focused on prevention even half as much as they focused on intervention..."  ~Anonymous
"Our bodies are our gardens - our wills are our gardeners."  ~William Shakespeare
"The best and most efficient pharmacy is within your own system."  ~Robert C. Peale
"Health is not simply the absence of sickness."  ~Hannah Green
"My own prescription for health is less paperwork and more running barefoot through the grass"  ~Leslie Grimutter
"The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor."  ~Chinese Proverb